# Comparative-Analysis-on-Human-Stress-Prediction
In the interconnected digital landscape of today, people have found various ways to express and share their stress online. Social media platforms, with their instantaneous reach, have become digital diaries where people unburden their stress. Status updates, tweets, and posts often bear the weight of their emotional struggles. Some lay their feelings bare with candid confessions, describing the anxieties and challenges they face. Others may re- sort to cryptic messages or metaphoric posts, using symbolism as a way to indirectly articulate their turmoil. For our research, we gathered a dataset of text from Reddit, a popular online platform known for its diverse discussions and conversations. Our aim was to analyze this text data to detect patterns and gain insights into the sentiments and emotions expressed by users. To achieve this, we employed both general machine learning algorithms and more advanced neural network algorithms. Using traditional machine learning techniques, we applied algorithms, such as Naive bayes, support vector machines, decision trees, random forests, etc. In parallel, We trained neural network models like BERT, LSTM, and other similar models on the Reddit text dataset, allowing it to learn intricate patterns and relationships within the text data. Upon comparing the results of the two approaches, we observed that the BERT and DistilBERT consistently outperformed the general machine learning algorithms and some neural models like RNN and LSTM.
